Adds a new transaction fees pages (#409)
PureStake/moonbeam-docs: .snippets/code/vs-ethereum/tx-fees-block.md

```ts
import axios from 'axios';

> // This script calculates the transaction fees of all transactions in a Moonbeam block according to the transaction type (For Ethereum API: legacy, EIP1559 or EIP2930 standards, and Substrate API), as well as calculating the total fees in the block. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This script calculates the transaction fees of all transactions in a Moonbeam block according to the transaction type (For Ethereum API: legacy, EIP-1559 or EIP-2930 standards, and Substrate API), as well as calculating the total fees in the block. 
```
